Well, good evening, family. Thank you
for joining us again today. We're
excited to be here. We have a lot to
talk about and pray about tonight.
First off, I want to tell you a cool
testimony. This testimony was a shock
and awe to me, but of course we all
know that Jesus is wonderful.
Several weeks ago, the Lord instructed
me to go over to this gentleman's house,
and He said, "I want you to go over and
I want you to pray for him because
the
arteries of his heart are clogged and he
doesn't know it. There's a
blockage."And
He said, "I
want you to go over and lay hands on
him because in the
natural, his heart is about ready to
have a heart
attack."I
had a vision where the Lord
showed me his wife was a widow. She was
alone and they're not
that old. I mean, they're not elder
elders, but they're not
old. I don't even think they're old
enough to be my mom and my dad, do you?
No. So, the Lord warned me about
this man and He said, "I want you to
go over there and pray for
him."Well,
when I was there, I said, "I'm not
trying to scare you, but this is what
the Lord is telling me. So, I want
to pray for you. Is it okay if I pray
for you?"Because I'm not just going to
lay hands on anyone who doesn't want
me
to pray for them. But he asked me
when I walked in. He said,
"Brandon,
I felt inside
that maybe you could pray for
something that I'm having a need
of."And
I said, "Well,
okay."He
said, "I have two
hernias
in my body that are pretty severe, and
I'm scheduled to have
surgery."I
believe it was a couple of weeks out.
And
he said, "But I'm believing
that if you pray for me and we
agree together, that I'll
be
healed."Because
certain people know
that the Lord has put healing in my
hands. I don't make it a widely known
thing. I know the Lord told me
when Ralph Wilkerson touched my hands
and he said, "These hands are
going to have fire in them."He touched
my hands, he touched the palm of each
one of my hands, and he said, "I'm
putting a double portion of the
anointing on my life on you."This is
Ralph Wilkerson at Melodyland Christian
Center. Back in 2001 he did this.
Ever since then, my hands
get hot with fire, but I never know
when it's going to happen when I'm
praying for somebody. Sometimes
it's like touching a cold stove.
In this situation, he said, "Will you
please pray for me for these
hernias?"And
I was like, "Okay, well, I came here
to pray for your heart.
The Lord told me about your
heart."And
he goes, "Wow."I could see he
was
kind of concerned about it on his face,
but I didn't want to make a big deal out
of it or let him know what I
saw in the spirit, which was that this man was about
to die.
And so I prayed for him.
I put his hand on his groin
area and I put my hand on top because
it's awkward—I'm not going to touch a
man like that.
I prayed
for him a prayer of faith and I laid
hands on him. I didn't hear anything, just
like it was with the man
with the lungs
who
got healed and got two
brand-new
lungs. The doctor told him he was going
to die and he needed a lung transplant.
Anybody knows that story? I've told it
before. Well, a couple of weeks
go
by and my wife got a text from his wife.
She said, "Good morning. I
have to share a prayer report with
you. My husband has been going to
doctors for over two years.
He was diagnosed with double hernias and
they have been waiting on him to have
surgery. He's been putting it off
and had so much stress about having
surgery for quite some time. He went
again to a new doctor last month,
right after he asked Brandon to
pray for him. He had several tests and
ultrasounds again. The results came back
yesterday. It's a total answer to
prayer.
I had to share below a picture of the
report
findings."The
power of God touched him; the
hernias
are completely gone,
both of them. And the doctor said,
"You don't have to have surgery.
All the hernia and all the evidence of
the hernia, even through the ultrasound,
is completely gone."And he had had this
and he was suffering. It hurt; he said
it was very uncomfortable. Of course, he
had two major hernias and they had
scheduled him six
weeks out from having the surgery
because he was like, "I'm just going to
go ahead and do it."So the power of God
touched him and I was just giving all
the glory to the Lord for it.
Isn't Jesus
wonderful? I went over there to give him
the word about the heart and Jesus
touches the hernias
that were
bothering him.
I thought, we are in the last
days. I talked to my
friend Billy Burke today.
I love that man.
I know for a fact what the Lord has
shown me about his ministry and what's
going to happen in the days ahead with
great signs and wonders, even more than
what he already walks in. But I know
whenever
the Lord told me
"cross-pollination,"when
you start talking to people that
walk underneath an anointing and you
sow
into their ministry and you believe by
faith, it's a covenant. You
start giving and you start believing.
I already know what the Lord has
told me, that I'll walk in healings,
but I don't know when it's going to come
on like that full-time. All I know is
the Lord said, "Brandon, I'm going to
use you one day with this and I'll use
Diana with you."And even Billy has
given Diana words about how she'll pray
for babies that are dead in
the womb—where the mother has gotten a
bad report of a baby that has been
diagnosed as not alive
anymore—and
the power of God, by laying hands
on the mother, is going
to raise that baby from the dead. I
truly believe that in the resurrection
power of the Lord Jesus. I was so
excited for him that
he doesn't
have to have surgery now and that he
got such a great report.
I don't
want
things like that to ever
just bypass you; I want to always stay
in awe of Jesus for what He's done in
these last days. Oh, Father, thank you.
And like He said, "Brandon, never
take a miracle for granted. Never
look at it as insignificant
when I touch somebody. For when there
are so many miracles that are about to
take place, don't become familiar with
my glory. Don't become familiar with
what I'm doing in ministry."I know
beyond a shadow of a doubt. I've seen dogs
raised from the dead. I've seen
people carrying an
oxygen tank behind them, completely
grayed
out on the verge of death. I've laid hands on
them and God gave them two
brand-new
lungs. They came back. The doctor said,
"We're
taking you off the donor's
list,"completely
healed by the power of God. They
were
delivered after they
sprayed Roundup on the ground for
40-some
years for the city and breathing in all
those chemicals every single day
destroyed their lungs. He had
an
oxygen tank and ran up to me saying, "I've
been healed."I just
came back to tell you. I didn't know who
he was because he wasn't
ashy-looking.
His skin had pigment. He looked
great and I'll never forget it. I
thought,
"Wow, Jesus."As I went back into
some of the things the Lord has
shown
us about healings and things that
are about to take place, I
thought of
"can these bones
live?"and
the dead
in Christ
rising
first. He
said, "Randy, you don't realize that
all that which remains will
be caught up. You don't know there's a
little bit of a gap
there."There's
a lot of people that talk about
creation—that
whenever God made
the earth, there's a gap between the
verses,
between "let"and how the
dinosaurs ruled in that time frame. I
think Rick Renner teaches it.
I'll butcher it; I am not a
theological
Greek person, but I know
Rick Renner does that and he is very
gifted at it. He talks about
creation and the gap. Dr. Carl
Baugh,
I believe, is who it was. I remember
hearing him one day talking about
the gap.
But I was just trying to encourage you
all that God's moving,
shaking, and doing things. I have
such an anticipation for these last days
and what God's about to do. Billy
was saying he was believing God to have
a meeting here at the Mabee Center.
Who would be interested? Let us know in the comments
down below when you're on that live. Can
you tell us if we had a meeting at
ORU
and we rented out the
Mabee
Center, would you come?
I'm just curious before
I take money and invest in it.
Would you come? Would you
like to have a healing
meeting? I'll be there and
I'll have to have
security, but
Billy Burke's going to do the services.
I'll be sitting
in
the congregation supporting him,
praying, and enjoying the
service. I won't be speaking,
but I believe in my friend
and
the anointing on his life; I
believe in the gift. It touches me.
After Megan went to
Eufaula,
she no longer has plays in her
periods;
Jesus is touching her. That's why
I get so many little nuggets from
people. I always try to be a friend
to authentic people that really truly
love the Lord. I just
wanted to throw that out there. I
didn't know if there's anybody who would
be interested in having a meeting,
coming to Tulsa, and doing the
Mabee
Center at ORU. It holds 3,500
people. I wonder if we could fill it. I
just
truly believe we could. I believe
there's going to be something. The Lord
said, "It'll be a dome of
glory there.
It's going to be a time of glory over
you."I
thought, "What if this is
the beginning of it?"because Billy
brought it up to me today. He
said,
"It's been on my heart, Brandon. I've
been praying about it."He
asked,
"What do you feel?"I thought
I'll pray about it, too. Let's do
this.
So, if you're interested and you
put it in the comments,
if you think, "Hey, I'd like
to come to Tulsa and have a
healing revival,"let's do
it. I thought
what a time that would be to have it. He
said, "I don't want to do it at a church
or hotel. Maybe we could do it there at
ORU."So,
we'll have to look into it and
see if ORU would let us do it. I don't
think we would fill up the Mabee Center
there yet at 10,000, but I believe we
could really fill up the 3,500. So,
maybe I might need to stretch my faith
that
big.
I just know that people are hungry and
maybe you would want to be a part of it.
I'll bring that to you,
and if you're interested, let us
know.
Also,
I just want to say from
the last video, I apologize for my
attitude. I apologize for how I said
the word and told everybody they could
go to heck and the attitude that I
had. The Lord really got onto me after
it was over and said,
"You don't represent me like that.
You don't talk that
way."I'm
ashamed of that. I
just want to tell you I apologize for
how I handled that. I get under
pressure, and it's like I told Billy.
He
said, "Brandon, it's okay. You
were just ankle-deep that day."We go from glory to glory. We
go from ankle-deep
to
knee-deep to
waist-deep
to over the head. Just in that
day, in that moment, my toes weren't
even wet.
I said, "You're being
generous. I
wasn't ankle-deep. My toes weren't
even wet, brother.
I was all in the flesh."But I just
wanted to ask you all to forgive
me for being an idiot. I appreciate
it. We're all a work in progress
and Brandon still has issues. I work
through things; I have things I get
over with anger, yelling, and
getting
mad at stupid people
on
the road. You have to just
calm yourself down and get in the Word
more. It's like he said, when you're
going through life and the devil's
tempting you to get in the flesh, the
only way he gets you
is if you're empty.
Let your
full
fight for you. The only way you're
able to resist the devil is your word
level and
your
spirit
level—being
filled with and controlled by the
Holy Spirit, being word and spirit.
There's too much "word of
faith"where
it's out of kilter and you
don't add the Spirit
to it where you flow with the Holy Ghost
and have the Word. You can't just be
totally Word and you can't just be
totally Holy Spirit; you get flaky. You
have to have a balance.
He instructed me:
"As people that have temptations
with anger, getting upset, or acting
out..."I
get all kinds of messages: "Brandon,
I'm dealing with addictions,
drugs,
alcohol, pornography, or
lust."It's
a
sign of being
ankle-deep.
We
must stay filled in these last days.
That was what the Lord was showing me
even more today: "Brandon, you
get low on the
Word."The
less you
are
filled with and controlled by
the Holy Ghost, the more you don't stay
full. Let your full fight for you.
The more you stay full, the more
you can submit yourself unto
God, resist the devil, and he
will flee. I just want to encourage
everybody.
The problem is
if we don't know the truth, the
truth won't set us free.
The more you know the
truth of God's Word, the truth will set
you free.
The
entrance of His Word brings forth light.
The light is illuminating; it
brings forth that Holy Ghost and fire as
you're reading the pages of this
beautiful book. It
becomes life and rhema knowledge over
your mind the more you meditate on the
Word of God. It will change you from
the inside out.
The fuller you get of
God's Word, when you submit yourself
unto God and you resist the
devil, he will flee from you. But you
have to learn that you have to get in
that Word and yield yourself.
How much do you need the Holy Spirit
today? I need you. I depend on you. The
moment you put your foot out of the bed
onto the carpet: "I need you. Fill
me."You
have to stay in that place of being
filled. In these last
days, you don't understand
where we're headed. You don't understand
the "shaking to awaken"that we're about
to experience in this generation.
The Lord said very sobering days are
coming. But if you understand Psalm 91
and Psalm 23 and you understand how to
be filled with the Holy Ghost to
the overflow—not just being weird,
but
surrendering all to him.
Surrender all to him today and say, "I
need you."The moment you recognize
that you need him, you realize our
dependency on him. I
can't do this without you. I'm
sold out to Jesus.
When you talk to
elders and people who have
lived ministry for a long
time—years
and years, more than
I've been alive—and you talk to people
that are still going, you learn from
people that have fruit, that are still
going
strong in their almost 80s.
You go, "Hey,
there's something more to what
you're saying. I've got to learn
this."Stay
full. Stay full. There are so
many times that you say, "Well, I'm
dealing with this. I'm dealing with
that. I can't get over
this."Call
those things that be not as though
they were.
But the only way you do that is knowing
who you are in Christ and by sitting at
His feet and basking in His presence on
a day-to-day basis. I told you Jesus
said, "It is written,
Satan, man shall not live by bread, but
every word that proceedeth out of the
mouth of the Father."When the devil
tried to tempt Him, "Turn this stone into
bread,
Jesus,"but
Jesus dealt with flesh just like
every single one of us. Jesus was man;
He was God created in flesh. But He
dealt with temptations,
heartache, and pain.
Billy said people don't want to
talk about John
7.
I remember what the verse
was—he
talked about how Jesus had to flee
because
the religious people were
trying to kill Him. He had to flee for
a season, and he said a lot of people
won't want to talk about that, but the
Bible clearly says that Jesus had to go
away because it wasn't His
time yet. They tried to kill Him
before His time. He talks about it
because I was talking about having
to hire security and all this stuff.
I said, "Is that fear?"And he's
like, "Brandon, no, I think it's
wisdom."So,
I'm hiring full-time
security. I've got people that
are—what
was it?
Is it this one?
No, not the Tested Son.
Okay,
that's when Jesus was tested in the
wilderness.
I don't remember; I'll have to ask him
again. I'm sorry, I believe it's
John 7.
But he talked about how Jesus
had to leave certain areas because
they were trying to kill Him, and He's
the Son of God. It was interesting
because it was in the Bible, and he said there
are
certain verses that have
always challenged me. I think about
what he says, and I go,
"Yeah."What
I'm trying to tell you is that
Jesus had stuff He was working through
just like we do. As perfect
and
awesome as He was, Jesus had to
deal with flesh just like us. He had
to say, "Hey, listen, Satan. You're not
going to tempt me. You get out of
here."And
the only way—He didn't pray the
devil away. He didn't sit there and go,
"Well, I'm going to pray to
God to handle this,"or
"I've
got to go into a 30-day fast praying in
tongues."He
spoke to him: "It is
written."It
was the word that came out of Jesus's
mouth that got rid of the
devil—the
Holy Ghost in Him flowing the word of
God. He submitted himself unto God,
he resisted the devil, and he
fled.
Everything that Jesus did, we can
do. As He is, so are we in this
world.
We are made in His image. He
was tempted on everything and every
level, but He was sinless.
If He can go sinless
staying full of the word of God, that
means He wouldn't tell us we could do
something that was impossible. He did
it. How did He do it? He stayed full.
He stayed full.
Acting out in
anger?
He didn't have problems
with this. Why? Because He stayed full.
The moment the tempter came
to try to destroy—and
He
was in the
wilderness for that time and
having a weak moment—He was full enough
to say, "It is written, Satan. Get out
of
here."Every
single time, He was
victorious.
And how He was able to remain that
purified life was staying full with the
Spirit of God and the Word. He kept
himself submitted, going vertical
continually. He didn't go horizontal; he
stayed vertical. He was always saying, "I
don't do anything unless I'm instructed
to by the Father. I only
say what the Father tells me to
say."He
was always staying vertical. He
was staying full.
That's where we have to be. If
Jesus did it, I'm going to mirror my life
after Him. Yesterday, my toes
weren't even wet. I wasn't even halfway
full. I had a rough day. I
talked to my mom, had family stuff I was
dealing with, and by the time I came on
live, I was already empty. I should
not
have talked about certain things
yesterday. I shouldn't have done certain
things, but I did. By the time I got
on here, you embarrass yourself
by not staying full. So, I'm
trying to tell y'all: stay full. Stay
full. Keep yourself underneath those
wings. That's the only way you're
going to make it in these last days.
It's like listening to that still,
small voice on the inside. He
won't
yell; He'll guide us. For
those that are led by the Spirit of God
are the sons of God. I'm going to
keep myself in that place in the
cleft
of the rock, keeping myself in His hand,
listening to Him, and saying, "Father, I
need you. I'm staying vertical. We
attract to deflect."I want
to encourage y'all today that Jesus is
still healing people. I've got the
testimony. Maybe
I'll have him on one day and he can
testify to you himself, tell you how
Jesus healed him of two
hernias.
It's amazing to hear people
that I know and that we lay hands on.
Was it Brandon that
healed him? No, it was
Jesus. He can use any one of us. But it
was a moment that He said, "Hey, I
want to flow through you
today."I'm
so grateful that He did. Isn't that
awesome? So stay full. It's time to stay
full. To the ones that have
reached out saying they want to be my
security—and
you've said you'll move
your family here from all
over—we've
had several emails today from
people who
want to be security for me.
You are ex-military, Special
Forces, all kinds of stuff.
I
appreciate the offer. We'll look over
it. My wife and I will pray about it, and
if I have a peace, I'll reach out to
you. I want to know
your credentials, what kind of
background you have—military, law
enforcement, whatever you may
have—and
how you know Jesus.
I'm not going to
have an unbeliever around me. If you
know the Holy Ghost, are baptized
in the Holy Ghost, and you are on fire and
can hear Him and
are discerning—if
there's some danger around and you feel
in your spirit, "Hey, there's something
here,
Brandon"—I
believe it.
I take no counsel from the ungodly in
any area of my life. You
could be the best trained military
operative in the whole world, but if you
don't hear the voice of the Lord in
these last days and you can't tell me,
"I feel the Holy Ghost inside of me
telling me there's
danger,"then
I won't even look
your direction.
I need to verify it. I'll hear
by the Holy Ghost who is
hearing
the Lord in these last days.
I have a budget. I'm believing God for
the money to do all this,
setting it aside for security to be
with me to do
these meetings
and
the things I feel the Lord has
called me to do to make sure my
family is safe. So, if you have a
military background and you're Holy Ghost
filled,
maybe we can talk. If not, I'm
sorry. I'm not interested. I have to
have people who hear the voice of the
Lord.
I believe Charlie Kirk would still be
here if he would have had better
security and people that were
baptized in the Holy Ghost around him. I
think it's a tragic situation that
happened to that young man, and
we're not going to have any repeats.
So, we're thankful for every
single one of you that have been a part
of this and being a part of our
little YouTube community. We sure love
every single one of you. What's in
the news today? Anything? Did you want
to show anything? Did anything
happen?
They blew up some boats, oil
tankers, and things like that
today. I said they're determined to
get that $200 a barrel. And then Trump
said we'll release 175 million barrels
out of our strategic reserves to keep it
from going to that 200, trying to
suppress the oil price from
going up.
Every decision he makes,
there's a reaction to every
reaction. You know what will happen now?
You drain our strategic reserves.
I pray to God we're able to fill them
before anything serious happens. But it
is a
pretty big deal. 175
million barrels is a lot of oil out of our
strategic reserves.
As I
have talked to certain people,
other prophetic people I
know who hear the voice of
the Lord, they said, 'Do you hear anything
concerning President Trump's life?'I said
right now I feel a peace pushing him
through, carrying him over, but I have great
caution about Don Jr., and they said
they
feel the same thing. So, one of our main
missions tonight is to pray for Don Jr.
and for Eric, for his sons, because I
believe President Trump
is
under a lot of protection, but his sons,
we pray for more protection for Holy
Ghost angels. I already told you the
outcome of that and what the Lord showed
me in visions concerning that. Now,
we're going to go over a little bit of
what we saw last night.
We're editing out my bad attitude.
Braden took that out. I was
embarrassed about it last night, and
we'll put the prayer part back up.
It is what it is.
I'm human, but we're
making it better and Braden's getting
that ready. I want to tell you
what the Lord showed me last night in
prayer. If anybody stuck around for that
and didn't leave because you were
offended by my mouth,
we got the emails.
I want to tell you I saw
a woman. I saw a woman with
slicked-back
hair with a ponytail. She had olive
skin. I saw a man with curly hair. I saw
another man over here that had a beard
and black hair. All of them
looking Middle Eastern.
They were getting ready
for the Boston Marathon. I saw them with
jumpsuits
on. They were
looking like they were stretching.
They were all talking in this little
group like they were going to exercise
together at this marathon. But they
had devices
that were made to look like
Coke cans.
As those Coke cans were
hollowed out, the Lord allowed me to see
this device inside of this looking Coke
can that was the size of a grenade. And
as I saw inside of this, it had a remote
detonator by a cell phone. And they put
these devices in trash cans all over the
place to make it look like trash.
It was trash,
but it was made by 3D printing and
things. As I was seeing this and as they
were running, they would call a number
and
I saw a very, very dangerous situation
as I was praying into that. Now, do I
know the timing? It's like Diana said,
it's like when I told my friend,
I said, 'On a Tuesday, you're going to
hear something about your job.
Something's going to come.'One week
went by, two weeks went by, three weeks. I
thought, 'Man, surely I missed it.
There's something not right about
that.'But
I know I heard Tuesday something's
going to happen. His boss called him
into
his office
and he was let go, fired on Tuesday.
It wasn't the report that I was seeing,
but on Tuesday, he was fired.
I said, 'Something's going to happen to
your job'on Tuesday. He
was let go on a Tuesday. I see
in part. I tell my wife about
certain private things in our marriage.
I say on Thursday this is going to
happen. It didn't happen that Thursday.
I saw it on a Wednesday. It happened the
next Thursday. And she'll go, 'Brandon,
do you remember the word of the Lord you
gave me about Thursday? It happened.
Today's
Thursday.'And
she goes, 'That's
amazing.'We
thought it was going to happen the next
day in a 24-hour period, but
another Thursday came by and
it happened just like the Lord said. And
I said, 'Isn't that amazing?'We always
try to put God in a microwave thinking
we know His timing. We hear in part, see
in part. So, here I am. I'm seeing about
praying over Boston. I'm praying over
the
barrels, all these things that
the Lord has warned us about. He
specifically said, 'Watch Rosh
Hashanah
of this year. It's a significant day.
It's a significant time frame for a
major terrorist attack.'I said, 'Lord,
I don't know when is it.'I saw the
month of October highlighted. I saw the
month of September highlighted, but I
didn't know when. He said, 'Watch Rosh Hashanah of this year,'which was
September 11th. 9/11 is Rosh Hashanah
of this year.
Rosh
Hashanah
of this year
is September
11th going into the 13th. The Lord said
this is a time to really watch, to pray
over your nation.
9/11, we all know what happened on
9/11. This is a Jewish festival, a
feast day, one of their
holy days of the year. It's on 9/11.
And the Lord circled this to me and He
bolded it. Then He said, 'Fourth of
July'was
emboldened to me, watching
Easter, which is the 5th of
April, praying over our nation for
Easter and for the 20th of April
for these running events
and all this, right? I saw art festivals
would try to be an attack for lone wolf
experiences
for mass shootings. Art festivals in certain
cities. And the Lord specifically told
me to pray over art festivals, that they
were going to try to get
sympathizers to rise up against the
American people in the days ahead
that were not necessarily terrorist
cells. They were just people that were
like ISIS wannabes.
Lone wolf attacks. The
Lord said specifically last night to
pray over art festivals, over running
marathons,
and over the Jewish festivals
concerning our nation. We had a shooting
today at another synagogue. I'm not
very familiar with all of it yet. We've
been very busy today talking.
Braden, there was a
shooting today that took place at a
synagogue. I don't know if anyone was harmed
or if there were
any
fatal
casualties, but I know that
another thing was: was
this a sympathizer or part of the terrorist
organization? Because I saw the terrorist
cells
of the people the Lord
warned me to pray for because
they're trying to be activated.
We will continue to pray for our
president, his safety, for our law
enforcement. Look there.
I saw he said
ISIS-like
sympathizer.
ISIS sympathizer.
Yeah, that was a headline.
'Terror suspect and deadly assault.'How many
people got hurt?
And Virginia was subdued by students,
officials say. So, somebody had some
courage and stopped this man.
We pray for our nation. We're
in a time where we're on high
alert. And people need to know this is
whenever I told you, you must hear Him
on every single day of where you're
supposed to be. If you feel in your
spirit and you wake up that morning and
you feel inside, 'I don't need to go that
direction.'Don't
go. It could be life
and death. Listen to the Spirit of God
and let Him be your guide in everything
you do. Let that peace be your guide.
I had one friend say, 'I
don't have peace about having
this meeting. I don't know why. I was
going to have it at this certain place.
I don't have peace about
it.'Follow
your peace.
If you don't feel like that's the Lord
telling you to do it, don't do it. There
are
serious consequences
for
bucking that peace
or
avoiding it.
Follow the
peace. Test the spirits first. Make sure
it's not a spirit of forebodings. If you
have a spirit of forebodings bothering you,
take authority over the spirit of
forebodings.
The moment you start to
take authority over the spirit of
forebodings,
you'll be able to
have that because, instantaneously,
when I start taking communion and
anointing myself with oil and coming against
the spirit of
forebodings—because
it can be a spirit of
forebodings.
Because we see so much on the
news and what we feed on, it comes and
affects our thoughts. So the moment you
start having that, I bind the spirit of
forebodings
off of me. You will not
torment me. If this is You, Holy Spirit,
move on. Speak on. Help me.
You said in Your word,
'I will hear Your
voice and a stranger's voice I'll not
follow.'So,
if that's You, Holy Spirit,
speak on. I bind the spirit of
forebodings
off of me and I will not be
tormented by a familiar spirit trying to
torment me, telling me, 'Don't do this,
don't do that.'Because you sit there and you
yield to that, and the more you yield to
that, you'll think, 'Oh well, I know
that's the spirit of the Lord.'And it's
not the Lord; it's the devil and
he's
trying to torment you. Fear has torment,
but perfect love casteth out all fear.
Love never fails. Love will
guide you. Love will help you. Why?
Because God is love and He is not
torment.
Torment is not of God.
Checking your spirit and having no peace
is God saying, 'Hey, listen. This is a
warning.'But
you check it. You test the
spirit. 'Hey, is this a spirit of
foreboding?
Is it a tormented spirit? I
bind you. Get out of here in
Jesus'name.'And
I tell you, communion, I pray now.
Holy Spirit, speak on. Does that help
you? I hope that helps you. That's what
I've learned, because I used to
walk around all the time: 'I feel
something. Oh my God, I feel something
today. I feel something. Do you feel
something, Diana? You feel something,
Braden?
Oh, I feel something. I don't know. I
just know that there's something bad
about to happen. I can just feel
it'every
day of your life. Do you think
God's going to have you underneath that
umbrella
of dread, anxiety, and torment all
the time? 'I feel—oh God—I feel
something
today.'There's
always something going on in the spirit,
but God said,
'I want you to have life and life more
abundantly,
Braden.
You're not living in the full and
overflow. You're full of this dread all
the time. You've got to test the spirit,
son.'And
so, I started doing that. This
is a spirit of forebodings. Tell it to go.
And I started taking authority. I
started testing it. 'Is that You? If
it is, Lord, speak on. Thank you. I
yield to You, Holy Spirit. But I will
not be tormented by this devil
anymore.''Well,
I shouldn't go to the mall today.
Oh God, there's a devil and
he's
going to get me. Oh God,
there's a terrorist in
the mall.'And
you walk in that fear. Fear has
torment,
but perfect love casteth out all fear.
My Father loves me. My Father's got my
back. You know how many times I get a
bad email and all the things that that
spirit tried to raise up—the fear coming
up in my heart. 'Oh God, I've got to go and
hide. I've got to get in a hotel
now.'I
told Diana, 'Well, get your bags.
We've
got to go.'I said, 'No.
Hold on. Test the spirit. Test it. Is
that You? Is this
legitimate?'I
take authority
over this spirit of fear. I thank You,
Lord, that God has not given me a spirit
of fear but of power and of love and of a well-balanced mind.
I have a
balanced mind.
I have
no fear. I have peace that passes all
understanding inside of me. And if that
peace is still there and you're not
tormented, you can still have a warning.
You can still have correction, and He'll
tell you, 'Yes, this is Me.
Go.'Okay,
I'm on my way. And sometimes He'll
test you to see if you're just
hearing—are
you listening? This is a
test. Why do you
have a test? Because you know
sometimes
there might be an incident
that's
the real thing. But you have
fire drills in schools and tornado
drills in schools because you're
preparing the kids in case the real
thing happens. So God will test you.
He'll
show you, 'Hey, I'm trying to get you to
be familiar. Don't ignore Me when I'm
talking to you. Don't cross the street,
son. Don't go to that playground. Don't
go to that place.'Why? I don't need a
reason.
I just obey You. I'm dead to myself. I
follow You. Does that make sense?
Because the more you do that, the more
you yield, the more you're filled with
and
controlled by the Holy Ghost, that
spirit of forebodings becomes less and
less
because I'm yielded to the Holy Ghost. I
hope that helped you tonight. All
right. Who wants to pray? Who wants to
go tubing? So, did I go over everything
I saw last night?
Yeah, except you saw
the
trafficking and stuff and
you're
praying for those people.
We're praying over the trafficking. I
saw traffickers in this cartel—people
in the
back of a truck—and I saw
this truck go in this, and
there's going to be an incident in
Mexico. I can tell you exactly where it
is on the map. The Lord said there's
going to be a shaking in the cartel in
the days ahead.
I saw what I saw concerning
turf wars coming again. Major turf wars
concerning the cartel.
Who's leading? Who's being boss? Who's
the big guy on campus, basically? And
what's coming? And I saw more big
leaders being extinguished.
Major extinguishing.
So how do you like the picture so far?
Does anybody notice that there's a new
camera tonight? Not the iPhone. Braden's
practicing getting ready for the
revival. And we're excited. We know what
God is about to do in these last days. I
was so excited to see
three videos ago
the rubies and the sapphires
and the gifts and the presence coming
from the Lord for the bride. The groom
is about to—heaven and earth are going to
collide, and we're about to experience
heaven on earth in a way that we've
never experienced before because the
church is being
wooed.
A presence is the only way
I can say it; it is coming from the
Father as heaven and earth collide and
the glorious church is about to rise up
like we've never seen before.
Anything else?
That's it.
Play that, hun, and I'll be right back.
Yes.
Play that video for them.
Let me see. Maybe you all can hear
it. There we go. My stream deck
isn't working right now. I don't know
why, but we'll see what happens. Right
now, from Bill Melugin, the following
reporter: 'Senior federal law
enforcement confirms our reporting that
the suspect is dead.
Additionally, I'm told the suspect's body is
badly burned. He was killed by armed
security. Bill is told that he ran the
car into the building, had a rifle, got
into a shootout with security who killed
him. The car was on fire inside, and that
would obviously be the source of the
smoke coming out of that
building.'So
it would appear now that the
immediate threat to the synagogue is
over, but now we're dealing with the
aftermath.
Terrible.
It's fine; you don't have to show
anything else. I'm drinking a lot of
fluids today and I've got to pray now, and I
don't want to have to think about going to
the bathroom while I'm
looking at stuff. I'm down 15
pounds, but I'm drinking a lot
of water and so, you know, it is what
it is. It keeps me more full drinking
water during the day. I've got tea
tonight. I'm thankful for my tea. But
if I drink it now, I'll have to go
to the bathroom like five times before
this thing's over with.
But isn't it amazing how your body
flushes things? It's like your body
is a filter. Boy, it's pretty
interesting. All right. Let's take
communion together. Is
there anything else you want to show
Braden?
No, not really.
Do they notice the picture's different?
I can't see if they think it. Do they
see it looks different?
They say they notice it.
I look kind of flushed. My eyes are
red from my allergy.
I told you.
That looks terrible.
My eyes—I don't like Bradford pears
too much.
Wow, they look jacked. I may
put some cream on them. I didn't realize
how red they were.
Well, they're watering, but
that's all right. We'll get through it.
All right. Well, we love y'all. Thank
you for joining us tonight. So, let's go
ahead and take communion.
As I was praying over England last
night, this is the first time this has
ever happened. I saw a man that was
skinny. He looked about 185 pounds.
He was Middle Eastern with a bald head,
shaved head. He looked military.
He had a green jacket on with a
flannel-looking
shirt and a black
scarf-looking
thing on his neck.
As I was seeing him in the spirit last
night, he could see me. And I've never
seen that before. But he locked eyes
with me and he followed me as I was
looking at him. He never broke eye
contact and kept looking at me.
Then, after I was out of his view,
he turned his head and
kept walking. And I said, 'Pay attention
to that man.
I've never experienced that
before. I don't
know what that was.'He knew I was
looking at him. And I thought, 'What?
What was that? I've never experienced
that.'But
he could see me somehow in
the spirit, looking at him as I was
watching him. He was looking at me and
we were looking at each other. And I
thought, 'This is way over the top right
now. I don't know what
that was. I've never experienced it, but
the Lord specifically said this man was
evil. He was bad and he was going to try
to do something to
England.'So,
I don't give any glory to the
devil.
I just thought it was very strange
because I've never had somebody when I'm
in the vision... I'm usually
the secret observer—I'm able to see
things and hear conversations and do
things for the Lord. But this is the
first time that I've ever seen somebody
know that I was there. And I thought,
'What in the world is that?'I don't know.
And so, everybody, it's kind of
different. I just go, 'Whatever,
devil, get out of here.'I'm usually
hidden.
I go to meetings all the time. The
Lord will take me and I'll go into
meetings in the
White House. I'll go into big meetings
in the Kremlin. I'll go into big
meetings in Kim Jong-un's cabinet.
I've been to all kinds of big
business meetings and they don't even
know I'm there. Our
Lord will allow me to hear what they're
saying about investments, all kinds of
things. It's pretty
interesting. And I'll sit there and I
will listen to the whole conversation
and I'll hear
banking
meetings, big executives. I'll
hear them talking and the Lord will
allow me to hear it and he'll say, 'I
want you to listen to what they're
talking about and this is concerning
investments in the future. This
will be the next phase. This will
be about... if you do this, it'll make you
a lot of
money.'He'll
just talk to me and I'll be able to see
it. It's pretty cool. It
happens a lot, but in this
case, this guy was looking at me and I
was like, 'This is really
creepy.'So
it's like he knew I was
there.
All glory to Jesus. It isn't about
Brandon.
I know it's cool to our family
because I can tell you things have been
said by big executives, but it's
only what he allows me to. I have no
control over it. I see in part, hear in
part only what he wants me to see. And
those things I'll never bring public. I
keep it private between us because he
never tells me to tell you. So,
we will take communion today and we
will pray over our nation and over our
president's son and over Iraq and
over our bases.
Iran said today that
they wanted to strike deep within our
bases with new missiles, new things.
Isn't it amazing?
The Lord gave us the quote of 200
back in June.
$200 a barrel was the main one.
All in my opinion. Not
financial advice. I am not a financial
adviser. All this is in my opinion.
But in my opinion, and I'm
entitled to my opinion, look what Iran
said today on Fox Business. Iran
threatens $200
oil barrels
as US prepares for massive release of
emergency petroleum reserves. I told you
he released 175 million barrels today.
That is a lot of barrels of oil trying
to combat this because they are listening to
the prophetic. I warned them.
I told the people that I know that are
close to them. And so they're
here. They listen. They watch us.
At least
they're listening. They know what's coming.
Gas lines over $8 a gallon nationwide.
All these things. So he's trying to help
that. He doesn't want that to happen. Why?
Because midterms are coming in November.
And I saw great distractions concerning
September and October concerning
midterms of this year to try to derail
the election. Then the Lord showed me
China interfering with elections in
America and eventually in Australia. I
don't know when Australia has an
election, but the Lord specifically said
that they would try to interfere with
Australia's election in the future
and with America. China.
I love the Chinese people, but the
government's kind of corrupt. Just like
some of our governments here, corrupt,
but just like
President Trump says,
'China.'But
we pray for Taiwan, too. Father, we
thank you, Lord, for the body that was
broken. I thank you, Lord, for
the body that you took
for us. You were wounded for
our transgressions. You were bruised for
our iniquities. The chastisement of our
peace was upon you. And
by your stripes, we're healed.
I thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed
against us will prosper tonight. I thank
you, Lord, that we take this
body and we remember what you did for
us. We have a covenant with you, that we
don't have to have allergies. We don't
have to have colds and
the pollen bother us. I thank you,
Father, that our minds are renewed
regardless of fear and torment.
Father, I'm so thankful for
your protection over me and my wife and
my kids. I thank you, Lord, that you
have
given us angels to keep charge over
us that bear us up in their hands lest
we dash our foot against a stone. We
thank you, Lord, for your covering, for
your hand of blessing on us in the name
of Jesus. And we take this body and we
believe we receive our healing according
to Galatians that by your stripes
we're healed. I mean according to
Galatians 3 that Christ has redeemed
us from the curse of the law and 1 Peter
that
you have made us healed by
your stripes, and I take this body right
now in Jesus'name. Amen and amen.
Thank God for Galatians
3.
Christ has redeemed me from the
curse of the law. I thank you for the
blood. We make much of
the blood. We apply the blood
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. I thank you,
Lord, that you speak through my vocal
cords and think through my mind. None of
me and all of you. We apply the blood of
Jesus all around us.
We thank you, Lord, that I hear your
voice and a stranger's voice shall not
follow. If you want me to see
anything, I yield
to the anointing of the seer
and the prophetic in Jesus'name. We
yield to it and we thank you, Lord, that
we're filled with and controlled by
the Holy Spirit. We apply the
blood, and the angels of the Lord are
round and about this house tonight. I
thank you, Lord, that we are not snared by
anything and we hear you, God. You
lead us and you protect my wife. You
protect us, Father. I thank you, Lord,
that we're blessed in the city and in the
field, coming in and going out, and you increase our
finances. You bless our hands; whatever
we put our hands to prospers. Bless
Diana's hands, Father.
Thank you, Lord. In the name of Jesus,
everyone say, 'Amen.'Amen. We
take the blood.
Now, we're going to jump right in the
river here.
I really don't have a leading yet, so
I'm
trying to figure out where he wants me
to go with this.
Okay, I say we pray over the
Strait
of
Hormuz.
This is what I see
right now immediately: the Strait
of Hormuz.
You hear me? That's
what we're going to pray about, all over
that area.
Father, we thank you, Lord, right now
that all the water mines, all of the
landmines, and all of the boats make it
through.
I see the month of April. It
is
bold to me concerning this area.
But this is interesting:
all in the atmosphere above the boats, there
is
thick black smoke.
All in the atmosphere above the boat,
all in the Strait is black
smoke. It looks almost like it would be
nighttime; there is so much pollution in
the air.
I see
it
building like a storm
cloud. All this black smoke is in there.
The sky is
completely thick with black smoke.
We take authority over the black smoke.
We take authority over the boats,
these ships,
and
these carriers.
We wait on you.
Breathe upon me, breath of God.
Breathe upon me, spirit of the Lord.
It's all I see over the
last weeks of March:
an escalation of things in this area.
I
see boats on fire. I see major
container
ships on fire. There is fire
everywhere with boats that are leaking
into the water. This oil and this
crude look like they are leaking into the water. It looks like
a mess.
Do you remember
the BP oil spill back in the
Gulf
in
the early 2000s? This is what I see. Oil
spreading and
moving in
the water;
dead fish coming up in it.
We call those things that be not as
though they were, and we call
this
not to be.
We call
for
the hand of
the Lord to be against this.
Help
me jump in that river.
I see it clear, Lord.
He said, 'Remember the political
theater.'Drama.
More drama
is what is tried to be put upon your nation
strategically.
I see the lady again with the blonde
hair.
Every plot, every plan,
and
every pursuit.
I see a grooming
for this woman to become in
political positions in a greater
aspect, even like a Senate
seat.
I see grooming for
a
House seat, a Senate seat, and
political position
on
a greater scale.
Candace Owens was supposed to be in this
kind of position, but she
went so far down this loony field and
all these things; it eliminated
what was supposed to be. I
am
not
attacking anybody; I am telling you what I
see: that God had certain plans for
certain individuals to rise up with more
of a voice piece in politics
and they start to lose their
credibility.
Over
time, this squeaky
wheel
becomes
a gnawing to people.
It's annoying; it's a
stench.
I see that in the spirit. After a
while, people cut it off;
they
don't want to listen to it because it
becomes such an escalation of things,
always something, and they get so
hellbent
on doing certain things.
The Lord has something
so much more, but people get annoyed with
this and
they lose credibility
over time. This is a time of several
months of praying into this. But I see
the one that tries to be the victim.
I'm just going to leave that there right
now until I get more prayer over this.
He'll show me more. If he wants me to
talk about it, he'll tell me. But I
am just going to sit
here and look over this real quick.
The Lord said, 'The first stages of
what you were given several
months ago
are trying to manifest right now.'It's
just
the first
blade,
the seeds. This
manifestation of what the Lord has
warned us about, the
very crack of the door, is just now
beginning.
This is not
innocent;
it's
the damsel in distress. Yes,
we pray.
This is
phase one. You're
seeing phase one unfold
of what
you've been told,
and there's a lot more to come.
This is why I'm calling the church
to pray into
things.
I see Jared again.
I see the errand boy. I see this
rising of this darkness,
like
a
whirlwind around Jared.
In this, I see
Europe and Ukraine.
I see a
trying to negotiate peace with Ukraine
and Putin. I see a rising up of
an
Antichrist
influence. Influence
as an ambassador.
I think it's because Rubio is so busy
with Cuba, Venezuela, and
Mexico in the days ahead.
From
what I'm seeing,
Rubio is going to be so tied up with
these three nations that there
will
be another type of ambassador
that will branch off for the
Middle East and for Europe,
almost like two Secretaries of State.
Two voice
pieces, one going this way and
one
going that way.
But you'll see that great shaking
in the Vatican that will bring them
to their
knees.
A great shaking.
I see a great shaking happening in Rome,
Italy. This great 8.2, the great
earthquake that will shake them.
Everything I'm praying right now
is evolving. The Vatican and this great
shaking with this major earthquake
that's about to take place.
Everything I'm seeing right now is about
a shaking. Now I see portals opening up
concerning CERN
with new developments of demonic
satanic portals over Europe
concerning that Hitler-type spirit
that's being brought forth. And I
see
the
summoning, the pulling of this
spirit of World War II on a greater
scale.
I see tsunami warnings
coming to Hawaii
because of the Ring
of Fire becoming so active. I see great
tsunami warnings coming to Hawaii.
I hear the sirens like air raid sirens
in the air, similar to what we have with
tornadoes here in Oklahoma. I hear
sirens blowing in the air in Hawaii,
for a major earthquake is about to take
place in Japan.
I see a shaking all around this area.
Do you remember what I used to tell you?
I saw Benjamin be taken out.
Pray for his safety. I saw an
attempt that was successful on his life.
We pray over this.
We pray over Benjamin.
Okay, now think. I want to tell you
what I see.
I see a viper
that has been decapitated
that is still alive even after it's
decapitated with venom in its
mouth that is ready, and it strikes.
I see a decapitated viper, like a
black mamba, or it
looks like
a poisonous snake that has been
decapitated that bites him.
The mouth of the snake is open
and it looks dead. The snake
looks dead.
The snake doesn't have a body; the
snake's just a head. But the snake is
not dead; it's out of reflex. And as
it's touched, the mouth closes and it
injects the poison.
But I see the innards of that
snake and it's still moving and it looks thrashing.
And
as he picks up
this snake, the snake has venom in these
fangs that are sticking down. And
I see those fangs latching onto him.
It's like a poisoning.
I see
the Lord show me a face of
a
mega-minister.
And in this mega-minister's
face—this
is somebody
huge—he
becomes transparent and his time on
earth is through.
I see a man whose face becomes
see-through
and all I see is an outline. His
time on earth is about to be through.
You're about to see this man step over.
I see a man
whose
time is almost
over.
I won't tell his name,
but his season is almost over. I see
his face is fading out.
And as it fades out,
a new face comes in that's young.
And it looks like the glory flowing
through his eyes. And he departs;
it's
time to go home.
Not everybody that goes home—you say,
"Well, that's judgment."No, that's not
judgment. The Lord said it again; it's
not judgment. These are soldiers that just
fulfilled their race. It's time to come
home.
Not every time you see somebody depart
this earth and you say, "It's
judgment."No,
it's
time to come home. They've
finished their race; it's time to rest.
They have assignments on the other side.
There's great things that I'll have them
to do on the other side. I hear the
spirit of the Lord say there's great
things. I have great assignments. We
don't play harps and sit up there and
eat grapes and sit around. We're all
busy doing something. And the Lord said,
"Don't sit there and think, 'Well,
heaven, we're just going to sit around
on our porch, on our mansion, and we're
just going to drink Kool-Aid and sit out
there and just enjoy our time, and we're
not going to
do anything.'"No, we're on
assignment. We have things that he has
for us to do.
In my case, I'd be drinking tea, not
Kool-Aid.
So I like cherry Kool-Aid,
but not
anymore.
But I see him on the porch and
that's not the way they're doing it. These
generals are about to step over and
they're coming home. Brandon,
I'm passing the baton. I've said it
before: I'm passing the baton and
getting ready for what's in store. A
greater race will you run. The
younger lions, the younger generation is
about to take the baton and finish this
strong. They've led,
and it's time for them to step over. But
I'm going to renew the ones that need to
stay, for there'll be pillars in the
Christian community this day and
a great revival. They'll be there
to help instruct and tell you things.
And listen to your elders. Don't get off
in Flakyville.
To the younger ones that have
younger legs: they want to run the race,
they're full of energy. And I see
this
younger generation about to
really rise up.
And there'll be mantles
and things that are passed and a great
revival will come at last and a
manifestation of the glory will be seen
around all the earth.
And my son's return—he's standing at
the door and he has great things in
store.
And I see these elders going home
that it's time to say their goodbyes. He
said, you'll see them saying their
goodbyes. They're saying their goodbyes
and they'll just step on over.
There'll be many sad
and there will be many
that are glad.
It's the devil's crowd;
they're glad. But the
Lord said they don't know what I have in
store for the younger generation.
They're standing at the door, a greater
revelation of my word and
demonstrations and manifestations.
And I see them standing at the door,
but as they're parting through the door,
the younger generation walks through,
and they're going to go. But
I have greater things in store: greater
experiences, greater
manifestations. They've paved the way.
Some plant,
some water, and God brings forth the
increase. It's the paving of the
way.
So don't be despairing. Oh no, they're
gone. What are we going to do? I'm
raising up greater ones to step on
through
to walk, and I'll raise up mantles on
people that you've never seen before.
Greater works will you
do—the
closers.
But it's all bathed in prayer. It's all
about prayer.
More prayer, more intercession, more of
the glory flowing through you through
prayer. For what happens in the spirit
will happen first and then it will
come into the natural. The Lord said,
"You want to have it in the natural, you
got to birth it in the spirit
first."And
that's what we're doing: prayer,
prayer, prayer. And that will bring
forth and you'll see
the greater glory, the manifestations,
the young generals, the young new ones
taking the baton.
Now, not every case will be that you'll
see these generals go home. In some cases,
it's
judgment.
I warned them and I warned them and
they've opened the door
and, like Ananias of fire, you'll see them
go home. They'll be gone. I hear it;
it's coming. A great shaking in my
church, for 1 Corinthians 5:5
is
coming to a full head now.
And judgment begins in the house
of the Lord today.
Wake up every day with
expectations for me to move through you
with demonstrations and
manifestations.
Wake up every day
with expectation for manifestations,
for the greater works.
Oh, that
I've longed for a long
time—longed
for you to walk in the greater
manifestation.
And walking in it boldly.
And boldly you'll walk
in it, and greater works will you do,
and manifestations will flow through
you,
for
joint-heirs.
Oh, come up.
More prayer.
He said,
"More prayer, more time with me,
more fellowship with
me."I
have longed for you to
see. Oh mother, oh Brandon,
they'll
stay
retire.
They'll think, "Oh, I'm retiring
from my worldly
job."But
no, you may be retiring from your
worldly job, but I've got a heavenly job
for you. You say,
"Well, I just got a severance
package."But
the Lord said, "It's because I've
opened a greater door for you today.
Don't be weary in what you see, because
I have greater things for
thee, and you'll be stepping out of
what you thought."It's time for you to
retire, but you're stepping into
a
heavenly call. And the Lord said, "I
have preserved you for such a time as
this, and a greater manifestation's
going to flow for you for
this."You've
just started your race.
You're mature; it's time. And He said,
"I freed you
up."You
said, "I want change, I want
this."He
said, "I've freed you up. You think you got
laid off, you think you lost your job,
but I've given you a great
promotion, and the glory is going to flow
through you. You're going to see the
demonstrations and manifestations that
you've always longed to see."I hear it,
I see it, and I see people getting
severance packages. You say, "Well,
at
this company, I've been there for so
many years."They said, "Well, you got
some retirement; they're going to give
it, they're going to bless you."And the
Lord said, "I'm freeing you up because
you're about to help me run this
race. I'm calling all hands on deck for
what's about to happen:
a shaking of the nations.
Fearful sights will you see that will
bring you to your
knees.
I'm bringing in the harvest and I'm
bringing forth my laborers."You were
tied down with that job,
but I will provide. I will take care of
you, I will sustain you, and I will hold you
in that cleft of the rock in my
hand. I will provide for you.
As you trust me
and
come up before me, don't be
shaken by it. Don't be worried, "Oh, what
am I going to do?"I'll provide for you.
This is for some elderly people
this is happening to. They say,
"I wasn't meaning to retire yet.
I was just right there and
they laid me off."These
are
people who were on the
verge of retirement anyway, but the Lord
said, "I freed you up.
You're looking at it as, 'What am I
going to do? I had just a couple more
years and I'd have had full benefits. I
would have retired from all this.'"But the
Lord said He has a hand on it. Don't
worry about it.
"What are you going to do
now?"You're
going to trust
God like you always have;
He's going to provide for you.
I don't know who that's for, but I heard
it really
clearly.
I heard a full anointing all
over it. I see them
walking up to the door; they were so
disappointed because they just wanted to
finish
out these couple more years. And
the Lord said He's freeing people up
because of what's
coming. He's getting people
ready for what's about to manifest in
this earth. Be looking for this, expect
it.
You wanted to be used, you asked to be
used.
More prayer, more fellowship with Him.
I'm not talking about
people
in their
thirties.
I'm talking
about somebody who looks like they're
in their early
sixties—I
see gray hair. That's what I'm talking
about. They're ready;
it's the
boomers.
God's going to use the boomers
in
these
last days and the younger
generation.
Oh, Father,
it's funny. I see
the boomer getting irritated with
the younger
generation
because they think
so
differently,
but
they're going to be patient working
together.
It's an odd pair, huh?
An older
boomer has a person with purple hair
around;
they don't know what to do with it.
But
the Lord said they'll work great
together.
I can see in the spirit: He
walks
up
and
says,
"This is what I have to work with."Brandon, I say, "Yeah."It's funny because of the way the Lord said
it;
He
walked
to
them
and
said, "This is
examining the
troops."I
get so
tickled by the Father; He has such a
sense of humor.
Joy unspeakable and full of glory. Oh
Father, we thank You, we
praise You. Thank You, Jesus.
Father, we'll make it work.
Everything...
this is funny. I just love the Lord;
He's so funny.
I'm just glad to be here, Lord. I'll
help You,
Father; we'll get it
done.
It's time for breakthrough. He said, "The joy of the
Lord is your strength."You're an overcomer, and
it's time
to laugh.
Have
fun, for
the great days of fun have just begun.
Hear Him say,
"Ho ho
ho,"for
the overflow
of
His goodness and mercy is following
you.
I see blinders upon the snakes that
have tried to bother you.
They can't see you.
The things that have tried to
hold you back with lack
are being blinded today. The Spirit
of the Lord says the blinders are coming
on their eyes.
I see them sticking out their
tongues,
trying to taste the air
or
the ground.
But I saw these black glasses come on
the
snake—like
eclipse
glasses—over
the
snake's eyes and
nose. It can't smell
or
taste you. The
Lord is
bringing forth a cloaking over this
demonic spirit that has been trying to
oppress and suppress you, and He is
breaking it off of
your life in the name of Jesus. Great victory,
blessing,
and
increase on your life in
Jesus'name.
You're going to see great
manifestations for deliverance.
More people will walk in
divine deliverance ministry. Great
deliverance ministries are being birthed
now in Jesus'name. I see great
deliverance ministries casting out
devils,
for many doors have been opened and
there's demonic
oppression on my people. He said,
"Brandon, I've come to set
the captives
free."Deliverance
is
coming in great measures,
without spot or
wrinkle. You're going to see great
deliverances on people who have
been walking bound. I'm not saying
possessed; I'm talking oppressed.
You've had depression and high
things that have messed with your mind.
You've had things where you say, 'I
always have this going on,'and it's been
a stronghold on your life. The
strongholds are being broken off of you
in the name of Jesus tonight. That's the
Lord.
I see deliverances being birthed out
of people and in people.
I
see
a
deliverance ministry.
And that's even for my father. I see
my biological father; I see him right
now. I see my dad. He's going to do a
deliverance ministry. This is going to
be birthed out of
that church, and I see a
deliverance ministry springing forth.
It's
very clear. You see, you
don't know what to do; do what you know
how
to do,
what's been inside of you. That's what
He says. I see deliverance ministry.
'I trained you for this time. I have
trained you for this hour, and great
deliverance ministry has been in you.
Walk in what I've called you to do. It's
not time to draw back with lack; it's
time to press on with the things I've
called you to do. For there are many
people that need deliverance through
you,
the Holy Ghost in you.'That's what it
means.
I see it very clearly today.
It's not going to be an easy road
to go down. There's a
lot of spiritual warfare, but I have
equipped you and assigned you, and
it's time to come up higher and stop
being down here on the ground
wallowing
around feeling sorry for yourself. Come
up higher. He said, 'Come up
higher.'Discouragement
comes when the waves try
to knock you down,
make you sad, and wear a
frown.
It's the spiritual
resistance because of what I put inside
for cleaning up My bride.
That's what the Lord said. That's
from my
biological father.
So if you need deliverance, I'll
give you his number. The Lord said, 'Get
a number.'There's going to be
deliverance. A lot of people need
deliverance.
There
are
many
people that don't know
where
to go because there's no church
doing this. The devil didn't
disappear. There are people walking around
with oppressions and they need to be set
free.
Start out small
and then
grow. Be faithful.
Acceleration time, not
deceleration.
Rest.
That's what the Lord said. Run the race.
It's time to run a race.
It's not a time of sorrow.
What the cankerworm
has eaten,
I'll restore it
back; I'll restore it back and there
will be no lack. But you have to trust
in Me and run your race.
That's what the Spirit of the Lord
says.
Thank
You, Lord. Hallelujah.
For the Lord
is good and His mercy
endures forever.
Great is His faithfulness. Great is
the
assignment.
Great
is the
race.
Establishing times.
A lot of you have calls that
are
dormant. It's like
when you're sitting
there waiting and you
see the baton getting ready to pass. You
start getting in your stride, and
as they run up beside you, you grab
a hold of that baton like in the
Olympics and start running
as fast as you can to help finish the
race. That's where we are right now. The
baton is being passed. We've got the
stride. The runner
behind us is coming. Boom! They grab it.
It's time to run.
We're running in a full-speed trot.
Grab it
and finish. The finish line is over here.
It's time to finish.
It's a changing of
the
guard.
The Lord says, 'I'm bringing forth My
generals now, the next
generation.'Finish
strong.
Hallelujah. Are you excited about that?
I am.
I don't know about you, but I'm glad I
came tonight.
That was fun. I want to do it again.
I love His refreshing;
I needed it.
I felt like I've been sitting
underneath a waterfall. I needed a
fresh touch tonight so bad. Thank You,
Lord.
Thank You, Father.
Keep the main thing. Don't get off into
weirdness
when it comes to
deliverance.
Don't try to reinvent the
wheel.
Don't be talking to devils; don't be
asking things and communicating with
the
devil. Tell them to get
out.
Anoint them with oil.
I'm talking about
mantles
where
you'll walk in a spirit of faith
and authority, like my friend Billy
Burke
walks in. He doesn't make a big deal when
he sees a person that has a demonic
spirit in his services. He doesn't call it
out. I might say, 'Well, that lady has a
devil,'and
now she's freaking
out, but he doesn't even
pay attention. The anointing breaks
the yoke. I see him lay hands on
them,
they fall out, and the glory comes,
and they're delivered miraculously.
I don't ever see devils crying
out, and Billy doesn't sit
there and ask, 'What is thy name,
devil?'I've
never heard him do it
once.
I've seen
Billy Burke walk in this many times. He'll lay
hands on people, and the power of God
sets
them free, completely
cleaning them
inside
and out.
But he doesn't communicate with them ever.
He
doesn't
try
to figure out their origin,
their
name,
or
how many there are. He just
tells them to get out, and the glory of
the Lord comes on
them.
Power of God!
They
fall out, they
lay on the ground, they get up, and
they're free. It
doesn't
make a big
scene. They don't have to go around growling
and
acting stupid, vomiting
in the back. Just get out in the name of
Jesus.
You don't have to be bound by the devil.
Ladies and gentlemen, we have authority
over the devil.
Greater is He that is in
us than he that is in the world.
I have
experience in this. I walked in it,
and the devil used to torment me all the
time. I said, 'I'm not going to be
tormented by the
devil.'You
can walk in victory
and life more abundantly.
God gave you everything you need. You're
wall-to-wall
Holy Ghost, and it's
time to come up higher in your walk with
Him, not being bound by demonic spirits.
Just like Billy Burke;
he doesn't
make a big deal out of it.
He's a gentleman about it. He
doesn't
try to freak the crowd out. People who have
a
devil get free.
No packages, no carriers, no
hitchhikers. They can't
have hitchhikers on you. Get out of
here, devil!
The more you are filled with the Holy
Ghost
and
in overflow, the more He
has of you.
I've seen the greater works you'll do. I watch
my
friend Billy,
and it's never a struggle. Even
if
they were practicing
witchcraft, he doesn't even ask.
The
power of God hits
them. Charles
Manson's
grandson came to my
friend Billy's service
full of demons,
and the power of God set that
man free. He got radically saved.
Charles
Manson, he had his ashes in an
urn.
Charles
Manson's ashes in an urn and
brought it to Billy Burke's office, and
Jesus set this man free. He had Charles
Manson's
ashes
inside of this creepy guy, right? But
his family got free from
generational things that were
tormenting him from his grandfather or
whatever it was—his father.
That's what I'm talking about. But
he didn't make a big deal about it. He
said he had a lot of passengers.
The man had a lot of passengers. He had
a lot of devils because his family
was sick, right? But Jesus set him free.
But he didn't make a big deal out of it,
and he didn't embarrass him, and he
didn't have to do
anything crazy. He
would
go up there and talk to him and sit
him in the chair, and he's up there
flipping around doing all this stuff.
The power of God just set him free.
You understand?
We make too much. We make
things that are flaky in the body of
Christ and we draw attention to
ourselves.
We draw attention to the devil. We're
not here to draw attention to the devil.
We're here to set the
captives free. Freely we've been given,
freely we give it out. My question to
you tonight is, do you know my friend?
I know what it's like to be bound. I
know what it's like to be tormented.
I was a young man that was very
troubled.
But I'm telling you, I had a call on my
life and I felt it all my life, this
pulling on the inside of me to do what
I'm doing right now.
I yielded to it. I stopped
running. I had Ronald tell me how many
times from Romania, 'Brandon, you're
running. Brandon, you're running. The
Lord says stop running.'I said, 'I ain't
running.'I
was running.
I said, 'I yield,
Lord.'There's
many of you that have been
running.
You've had that pull on the inside of
you over and over and over, but you keep
running from him. And you won't yield
yourself over to him. You say, 'Oh,
later on, whatever. I don't know how
I'm going to make it.'No, no, no, no. I
just yield. I surrender all. There's
many of you that are backsliding.
You used to be on fire for Jesus. You used
to feel that presence around you,
and over the course of time
you've leaked out.
You didn't keep yourself full and you
went back to what you were doing before.
And then there's the ones of you that
have never had a relationship at all and
you're here for the first time and
you're like, 'What is going on with this
service tonight? Who is this
guy?'But
I'm telling you, Jesus is standing at
your door and he's knocking on your
heart and he's asking you politely,
'Will you let me in? Will you let me in?
Will you give me a chance? I will turn
your mess into a message. I will blow on
your sorrows and I will bring you
joy.'But
the moment you yield your life over
to him and say, 'Jesus, fix
this.'It's
just like a child bringing a broken car
to—like
my Braden brings his toys or
whatever as a little boy to me. 'Daddy,
it's
broken. Can you fix it?'I look and I
say, 'I'll do my best. Let me look at
it.'Oh,
yeah. It just needs a new
battery, buddy. Take it out. Put the
battery in there. 'Dad, it works again.
You fixed it.'But it was something that
didn't take much.
It's not hard to
fix anything. You understand? It just needs
a new
battery.
Do you understand? Jesus is standing at
your door and he's waiting for you
just to yield your life over to him. He
specializes
in messed up lives.
He specializes in messed up lives. And
if you're here tonight and you say,
'Brandon, I can't live this anymore. I
just want a fresh, clean start,'I want
to pray for you. I'll say a simple
little prayer for you. And I believe as
of today, from this day forward, your
mess is going to come into a message.
And you'll be able to tell those that
are around you, 'Look what Jesus has
done. If he did it for me, he'll do it
for you.'But first step, you've got to
confess it. And you've got to come up
bold. So if I'm talking to you right now
and you feel that, 'Oh Brandon, I don't
know about all that. I don't need to
do that tonight.
The Lord's never going to let
me.'I
remember talking to my friend Barney.
He lived across the street from that
yellow house I showed you last night. He
lived across the street. I used to go
over there and say, 'Barney, Jesus tells me
to tell you you're getting ready to die.
You need him. You need to get born
again, Barney.'He said, 'Brandon,
I went to church once. I'm a hypocrite.
I'll never get saved. I'm never going to
accept Jesus Christ. He'll
never want me.
He doesn't want nobody like me.'I said,
'Barney, Barney, you're running out of
time. Jesus does love you. He wants you
to come home. He wants you to get born
again.'I
went over there. The Lord would tell me he
would walk down the street, I said,
'Say, Barney, stop. I've got to talk to
you.'He
said, 'Oh, I don't want to hear
talk about Jesus again today.'I said,
'I want to tell you you're getting ready
to die, Barney. You need to get
Jesus.'Tragically,
Barney died. He never
accepted Jesus from me.
I don't know if he ever accepted him
ever.
I remember the day my grandmother
came
over and she said, 'You know, last night
Barney passed
away.'I
thought, 'My God, I hope in his
dying hour, in his dying seconds,
he had enough inside of him to ask Jesus
into his
heart.'That
was tragic for me that day. I
remember thinking, 'My
goodness.'I
remember talking to his son, Raymond. He
was across the street. I said, 'Did you
do—do
you think your
daddy...'He
didn't want to talk about
religion either.
They were raised that way.
But tonight, you don't have to
be Barney.
You don't have to run
anymore.
Jesus loves you. He's standing at the
door. He has his arms wide open to you.
'Will you just let me in? Will
you just
let me
in?'I
want you just to get real with God.
And
the moment you get real with God, God
will get real with you. But you've got
to stop running.
So I just want to say a simple prayer
for you. And if you feel this is
calling you right now, if you feel in
your heart that I just want to sell out
to Jesus tonight, I
want to give my life over to him, I want
you to put in the comments section down
below: 'Tonight's my night. I'm coming
home. I'm not running no more. Tonight's
my night. I want Jesus.'But
you've
got to be bold. Jesus
died for you publicly.
He wasn't ashamed to die for
you. He died willingly and he loved you
enough that he died on a cross in front
of everybody. But all I'm asking you to
do is be bold about your faith tonight
and tell
the people,
'I want to be saved.'Don't be ashamed.
Jesus wasn't ashamed of you. He said, 'If
you confess me before men, I'll confess
you before my
Father.'So
I want you right now, be bold about
your faith. I'm going to say this
simple prayer for you and I want you to
repeat it after me. The moment you say
it out of your mouth from
the heart, I believe you're saved. Say,
'Jesus,
I believe you're the Son of God. I
believe that you died for me and you
rose again on the third day. Jesus, I'm
a sinner and I need a Savior. I ask you
to forgive me of my sins. I ask you to
wash me with your precious blood.
From this day forward, Lord, I turn my
back on the world. I turn my back on
sin. I turn my back on the devil. And
from this day forward, Lord, I serve
you. I dedicate my life to you. I make
you my Lord and personal Savior. I
believe you are the Son of God. I
believe you died for me and you rose
again. Thank you, Jesus, that you've
forgiven me of my sins.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of
Life. Today is my new chapter. Today is
the
day of my turnaround. And I thank
you, Lord, that if I was to die tonight,
I will be with you in paradise forever.
I belong to you, Lord.
Amen and amen.
I believe if you just said that prayer,
simple little prayer.'I believe you just
got born again. Now, what do you do?
If you fall down and you mess up and you
sin again, you run to God.
You don't run away from him. "Well, I
messed up again. I know I'm
not born
again."No.
The moment you mess up, if you
do, you run to God. "God, I fell again.
Please help me."You run to him.
You don't hide like Adam and Eve did.
They were all scared. They were out
there wondering what happened. He knew
what they did. It wasn't a shock and awe
to the Lord when Adam and Eve messed up.
He knew. He was like, "Let me
fix you up again. Let me help you
out."That's
what you're
going to do today. If you mess up again,
you run to him. Say, "Lord, I
repent."Now,
I would go to a Bible-believing church.
I would go to a non-denominational
church. You can go there, tell the
pastor there, "I need to be
water-baptized."I
want to get water baptized. Plug
yourself in there. Go on Sundays. Go on
Wednesdays. Go to a prayer group,
whatever they have going on there. Get
plugged in. Make sure they are radical.
Get excited about it. Learn about
what you receive in Christ. Learn about
things.
Get baptized in the Holy Ghost. Speak
in tongues. Get the book 'Why Tongues'by Kenneth
E. Hagin.
You'll learn more and
more about tongues and what I've been
praying in the spirit. Pray in
tongues.
Get radically born again and do all
the things you need to do and get
plugged in. If you don't have a Bible
and you're in the United States of
America, my wife and I will buy you your
first Bible tonight for free. We
want to do it as a blessing, but
you've got to email us in the
description down below and put in the
headline, "I got born again tonight, and
I would like a free Bible."Diana, my
wife, will send you the Bible absolutely
for free. But we have to have your
address, your name,
and everything so we can send it to you.
Don't just email us and say, "I got
saved."We
have to know your address, or we
can't send it to you. And so, we
want to celebrate your decision tonight
by just telling you we love you. If you
could like, subscribe, and click the
notification bell, be a part of our
prayer group. We're believing to
raise up a million men and women, all to
the glory of God for the end-time army,
to pray for the nations and for
people. That's what
our channel is.
Prayer changes things. We put foundation
there because we believe it's the
foundation for everything. Prayer is the
foundation for everything. We're not a
foundation, but we are a church. And
we have services almost
every day here on YouTube. I try to
start them about nine o'clock every
night. So, we welcome you to come back.
We're excited you're here tonight. There
are
54 of you that gave your heart
to Jesus Christ tonight. 54 people.
Welcome to the family. Welcome. I'm so
glad you're not running anymore from
Jesus. All 54 of you, welcome home.
We're excited you're here. That's
wonderful. Out of 7,400 people, 54 of
you gave your heart to Jesus, and so
you just did the best thing you could
ever do. I pray if
you're in a good area, you find a
good Bible-believing church. You
have
to get plugged in. Do not go
back to what you used to do before and
say, "Well, I'm going to go hang out
with the crowd I used to."Tell them,
"Hey, come with me to
church. Come with me. I
feel different inside."You'll feel it;
the
Holy Spirit's become real to you.
Father, I thank you that you become so
real to them, that you become their
friend and you're closer than a brother.
I ask you, Father, any baggage, anything
that they have, Father, they brought it
to you at this altar today and they
dedicated their life to you. Father, I
thank you that you become so real to
them, that
you
are just
like the next breath, fresh air to
anybody that's breathing. They will
know you and they will hear your voice
for they are now your sheep. You are his
sheep, and he said in his word that a
stranger's voice they shall not follow.
Welcome to the family. All 54 of you,
welcome to the family. And there'll be
many more that watch this video in
the days ahead that will give their
heart to Jesus Christ. I believe on this
video alone we'll get 150. You believe
with me?
I always
stretch out and say, "How many
people got saved?"because he puts it all
over South Korea, Japan,
the Philippines, Russia, France, and over
Portuguese and
Spanish
translations all around
the world and there'll be many
people who watch this video in the next
week. So, I'm so excited. I pray to God
that it ministers to people and that
they get a touch from the Holy Ghost.
But we're excited you're here tonight.
I don't feel
led
to do anything else, so I
bless you all in the mighty name of
Jesus. Thank you for joining us again
tonight. We'll be back tomorrow. We'll
pray again. We'll keep praying for the
nations. We pray for Cuba. Pray for
President Trump. Father,
again, I thank you, Lord, that President
Trump hears your voice and a stranger's
voice will not follow. That refreshing
is over him. That he sleeps
soundly,
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. Father,
that he has wisdom on those that he's
putting around him, that he takes no
counsel from the ungodly. I thank you
that the Strait of Hormuz, the
bombing and all the
smoke that I saw coming up out of
the boats, Father, does not happen.
Everything is lining
up for these end-time events for the
end-time
harvest. We pray, but we know
we're going to see some things and we're
not afraid. We're excited because we know
our redemption is drawing nigh. I bless
every single one of you. I bless you as
you go to work tomorrow. I bless you as
you sleep tonight. I thank you Lord
that your hand is
on them and their marriages are
restored. Their children are coming home
and the great favor of God is on your
life and everything you put your hands
to will prosper. I bless your finances.
I bless your health. And I thank you,
Father, that you've called every single
one of these people to your kingdom for
such a time as this. And we yield to you
to do what you've called us to do in the
mighty name of Jesus. And everyone say
amen and amen. We love you all. Thank
you for joining us. Remember, put a
smile on your face and a song in your
heart. Jesus loves you so much and we
love you and we'll see you again.
Bye-bye.